What does it guys I want them.
So I did one more thing and that is the border bottom dollar of this one.
So this was said to 100 percent.
You can see this is the water that is coming I just removed it.
I just make the transparency to zero.
And you can see how my potatoes looking now so I can see everything is totally up and running and there
is no spacing no gaps.
This looks so amazing.
I'm just going to cross right now and I'm going to go back.
And now we're going to design our home base.
OK.
So you can see everything is totally cool.
If you go to shop page right now the shop page would be also same.
We have this right here and chul page also looks create and good guys.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go to pray here and let's design our home page.
I'm going to go to the edit page right now.
OK so we want to edit the home page that we have right here and I want to get it for the Alimentarius.
It's going to take me to the elementary page and then we're going to design our.
This whole page.
So let's wait till this redirects us to the elements here and then we're going to work.
So now we have to design this.
OK so first of all I need to just sit at an intersection and I need to fold it.
OK.
Here we have the U.S. OK.
The first thing that I need is that image so I'm going to go to unsplit dot com to see the image that
we have.
So the images should be like the current image and it should be a store looking say a store looking
image how you're going to apply that thing.
So I need I just need a store so I'll just see the store pictures that we have right here to see what
matches us.
I think this one looks great.
OK.
This one or this one this one is simple decent and great.
So I'm going to go with this one right here and I can see this is being downloaded.
So I feared this is done.
I have to just open this up in the photoshop so that I can just edit did OK and then after I'm done
with this I'm just going to work more.
So let's just add a new one.
OK.
You can press control in and then you have to come here and you have to enter like one to a zero multiply
by 720.
OK.
And then you have to hit OK so you can see this is right here.
Now what I want to do I want to just open that up this is my job and I want to bring it and drop it
right here so you can see this should be right here.
And then you'll have to upload it.
Make sure that he resize it in Photoshop and then you upload it.
I'm just going to bring in tray here and then I'm going to make it a lot more bigger.
OK.
And then I have to hit enter so that I have to just make it more bov.
It looks so super cool.
I'm going to save it right now and I'm going to save it here in the C Double B C and that is going to
be a b and c and also it is going to be
six store Hetter.
I'm going to hit Savery now and that should be saved.
I'm going to open this up let's just open this.
Let's just come here and let's like the background image so I want to select this section.
I want to go to style and I want to go to the background so my background is classic.
OK let's just double click here let's just click here and let's select upload files so I'm going to
select the file I want to go to to desktop PC and in here it should be 6.
Ok this should be here.
This is the S6 Hetter that we have right now as this is being uploaded right here.
Hey.
Hello.
Please come here.
They'll be coming here when it is done.
So let's wait.
And so here we go.
You can see this is right here.
I'm just going to insert media and you can see the media should be inserted right now.
This is right here.
OK.
This will be done.
The image will be also coming in the background.
What I have to do I need to select the position and position should be default.
That attachment should be fixed and the size should be Khowar.
OK what I want to do right now I want to go to the layout and the content height should be minimum height
so the minimum height is going to be 400 bucks 400 bucks a look School me can also go with 550 pixel
I think this looks OK.
OK.
What I want to do right now I want to apply the overlays I'm going to go to overlay and I want to select
the Bactrim type.
So let's double click let's just select the color.
So color is going to be full black cool.
OK.
I want to also increase the capacity of this so it looks cool.
OK what I'm going to do right now I want to just click here to see everything looks amazing.
Yes it is looking good.
OK what I'm going to do right now I want to add a call to action or headings so I want to go to heading.
I want to drag it and drop a tray here and this is going to be the headings so I want to add
door.
OK this is right here.
I want to go to make it Center.
OK let's just double click here.
You're going to style let's just come here and let's selected to be white.
Cool.
OK I want to select the topography to be on and I want to increase the size so this is boost or I want
the family to be open since I want to be 300.
Cool.
The transformation should be upper case.
So this is full boost Auro like this so you can name your company here.
OK.
And then we have the line height so you don't have to work that this lot.
Everything looks cool.
Everything looks amazing.
And now I want to add a call to action down below.
So I want to I want disarray here.
I want a button.
So let's just Raggatt else drop it right here.
This is the button I want to make it Center I want to go to the link so the link is going to take me
to the shop page so I'm just going to shop.
OK you guys already know about the link that you have to add a backslash and then it will be the box
of this whether you are in the page section.
You had a backslash.
If it'll take you to the main domain name.
OK.
And then we have the shot.
So it's going to be like the backslash means the domain name here and the backslash.
And then the shop name.
OK.
So instead of writing the whole domain name you can write it like this.
I want to go to style and I want to design this one right here.
Some of background color is should be fully transparent.
OK.
I need the text score.
This is cool.
I also wonder.
Typography.
So I want to I want it to be on.
OK.
I want to go down I want to do border type.
Suborder type is going to be solid.
OK.
And that will be one pixel from all the sites you can see.
This is giving to all the sites here.
So you guys already knew about it.
I want to give the radius so the radius is going to be twenty five.
You can see how it is so I need some spacing to the tops.
I want to go to advance and I want to do two margins so the margin should be 25.
OK.
No no no no no
let's just come here.
Let's just come here.
Let's add to 20
I'll write I need to be 50 50 looks cool.
OK.
Yes.
Let's just click here.
I need to give it to be like 25
30 35 go.
Everything looks amazing.
And now we're totally done with this click me.
OK.
I want to come here.
I want to just change that.
I mean to be like see ourselves all products
are crazy you can just pretty well add any of that button right here.
That's going to be like see the the seal products or like all products or something like that.
It's you can also just make them down like you can also add an I.D. here and that will be like if the
person clicks her he will be taken down to your whole shop.
OK.
I want to go to stion right here and everything looks pretty veil.
What I want to do right now I want I need the whole effect.
So let's say I'm here to Hoover and on over the macro I'm going to be black cool.
We can also make it blue
Look school needed to be a little bit transparent so that it gives us that.
Ok cool.
I need it to be full blue.
Cool.
That's looks amazing.
OK.
Everything is done here.
The watercolor Sabater color would be transparent then Gray if you bring the mouse OK.
This looks super awesome.
OK.
What I wanted to do right now I can also go with any mission that it would be cruel if I just bring
them out here and see how is changing so this looks amazing as well.
Now I'm going to say right now and you can see that I am totally done with this.
You can see that we have designed a heater and now the main thing starts and that is we have to work
with the products we have to show some products down below so our website looks amazing and great in
the next video we'll be doing this.
And we also need to pro-Beijing I'm going to tell you how you can get the version in order to add the
product so if you just come here you can see that we can not add the products right from here.
We have to add a plug in or we have to add a pro-woman in order to get the pro in order to add that.
So in the next video I'll show you how can you do that.
So stadium guys and.